Brief:
I’m an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science at the
University of Chicago, where I study data: how it affect our social ecosystems,
what is its value, and how we can make better use of it. My work combines
conceptual thinking with hands-on systems research.

Shorter:
I’m an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science at the
University of Chicago, where I’m also a member of the Committee on Data Science.
I’m interested in all things data. My research agenda, data ecology,
investigates how data shapes our technological, economic, social, and cultural
ecosystems. We study these ecosystems through the lens of dataflows and develop
interventions---primarily technical (new data infrastructure), but also
economic (incentive schemes, market designs), social, and
institutional---to steer those flows. Our goal is to unlock the value of data
while mitigating its potential harms. I earned my PhD at Imperial College London
and completed a postdoc at MIT. I joined UChicago in 2020.


Short:
I’m an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science at the
University of Chicago, where I’m also affiliated with the Committee on Data
Science. I’m interested in all things data. My research agenda, data ecology,
explores how data shapes our technological, economic, social, and cultural
systems. We study dataflows to understand these ecosystems and design
interventions---primarily technical (new data infrastructure), but also
economic (incentive schemes, market designs), social, and
institutional---that allow us to realize the benefits of data while reducing its
harms. I’m also interested in the design and implementation of systems for data
discovery and processing. I received the SIGMOD Test-of-Time Award in 2023, an
NSF CAREER Award in 2024, and was named a Sloan Research Fellow in 2025. I
completed my PhD at Imperial College London (on distributed data processing) and
my postdoc at MIT (on data discovery). I joined UChicago in 2020. I’m grateful
to the many organizations that support our research, including DSI@UChicago, the
Department of Economics at UChicago, the NSF, the Sloan Research Foundation, and various industry partners.

Long:
Links to PDFs <TBD>
